Fixed not being able to upload files (ref) and test (#1376)
nl-design-system/rijkshuisstijl-community: .changeset/lovely-comics-turn.md

---
'@rijkshuisstijl-community/components-react': patch
---

> Fixed ref issues in this component since updating to React 19. Now using Forwardref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed ref issues in file input component since updating to React 19. Now using Forwardref.
```
